at first it was not so exciting
cold sonthofen ice stadium
Country game started with about
one and a half hours of lateness the
Referees stuck in traffic
completely unimpressed by the delay
were the guests they caught the
better start to the game
two minutes 20 played first good
Possibility by Roman göldner
only seconds later the guests again
However, hitherto without scoring and by
four minutes then the bulls thomas blaha
from the blue line but the guests
goalie fights off the tigers in the
sixth minute in the majority nice
played off with 0 per day
1 Sonthofen in this phase without great
concept again and again they tried
with violence like here christian 13 minutes
the bulls in powerplay played the
but slice just did not find the way
into the tiger's gate
shortly before the end of the first third then
again bayreuth
luck for sonthofen with 0 to 1 it went
in the cabin
definitely deserves the guidance for the
guests the second third began for the
Not really better than that
first
23 minute puckverlust before your own
goal geigenmüller mercilessly to the 0 2 now
woke up the mannen of trainer harry
Weibel finally on much more aggressive
they went to works and worked out
great opportunities
logically in the 25 minute captain
jan friedl with the 12 and the bulls
continued to press hard
they absolutely wanted compensation 26
minutes and three seconds played the
really has to be in it
when the only avenges not as if
we guessed 28 minute bayreuth in
outnumbered stupid puck loss the
hosted and wonderfully countered to
one to three
and only a moment later almost the same
situation again this time
The tigers failed in the 37th
spieltonute sonthofen in duplicate
outnumbered and with the chance to
Connecting freddy again with violence of
the blue line with success 2 to 3
last game section the bulls
urged the compensation but the
Guests were always dangerous 47 minutes
Sonthofen in the majority with the shot
but also succeed in the 3 3 succeeds
just not the franc made the in
it's better to take another ten minutes
play and suddenly it is 24
the shocked by the guests would have
even be able to refill
two minutes were still on the clock
Sonthofen again in the majority and
markus witting marks the 3 to 4 goes
but now what time out and goalie
Out the bulls threw everything forward
but it was not enough bayreuth
does not win undeservedly in Sonthofen
having up to four centimeter and
that also in the end has paid off
we were really nobody there at first
i willing you bayreuther want it more
like me that was noticed in the second one
third you will find that played very well
always declined and many
unfortunately had the bad luck
emperor's front often narrowly failed
and then with a counterpart on the
get the gate at the wrong time
to have
Generally I think the series is still
not over that is very important and
we need to go, we bayreuth
We can win there , we already have
won several times and then we would have
the game back here on saturday
and that is our goal of the trial
bayreuth celebrates the upper Franconia have
now matchball
On thursday you can have your own
audience the rise in the top league
make clear